{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;\red169\green169\blue169;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 Dan- the following is a list of things that we noticed:\
\
- time stamp of start to finish that will show in the customer info section as well as on the email\
\
- name of the salesperson needs to show on the email\
\
- notes field for random notes about customer \
\
- the make on the vin is not populating correctly and if they cannot populate they need to be able to be manually entered\
\
- all fields for new customer should not be required fields\
\
- hide status bar\
\
- social media sharing not working\
\
- can we make the email look more like a notepad with info on it\
\
- can we add iAd to app and have option to get ride of it. This way when we do the free trial we can still generate an income\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 vivek
\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 \
12:25\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://216.55.169.45/~propad/master/admin/useradd.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 http://216.55.169.45/~propad/master/admin/useradd.php}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 ashish.p
\b0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 \
12:32\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 Dan- the following is a list of things that we noticed:\
\
- time stamp of start to finish that will show in the customer info section as well as on the email.\
\
- name of the salesperson needs to show on the email. Server\
\
- notes field for random notes about customer.Mobile\
\
- the make on the vin is not populating correctly and if they cannot populate they need to be able to be manually entered.Mobile\
\
- all fields for new customer should not be required fields. Mobile\
\
- hide status bar. Mobile\
\
- social media sharing not working. Mobile\
\
- can we make the email look more like a notepad with info on it. Server\
\
- can we add iAd to app and have option to get ride of it. This way when we do the free trial we can still generate an income. Mobile\
}