{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17100\viewh11900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 \
- time stamp of start to finish that will show in the customer info section as well as on the email.\
\
- notes field for random notes about customer.Mobile\
\
- can we add iAd to app and have option to get ride of it. This way when we do the free trial we can still generate an income. Mobile\
\
\
- social media sharing not working\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 Basically all he wants it the ability to click share. Then they can post a picture/type text and click post. \'a0Then all it will say is posted via ProPad. \'a0This is just so that if someone buys a car they can say "Congratulations to xxx who just bought a brand new xxx" and take a picture of the car.\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 \
\
- can we add iAd to app and have option to get ride of it. This way when we do the free trial we can still generate an income\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 They will hold off on this for now.
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 \'a0\
\
- time stamp of start to finish that will show in the customer info section as well as on the email\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr80\shado0 \shadc0 A time stamp that shows when the user started the 'add new customer section' and when they clicked submit. \'a0This should be put in the email when it is sent. \'a0Also if you can store it at the bottom of the 'customer detail page. \'a0So it would like like this: "Form Started 10/8/2015 10:04 am" "Form Finished 10/8/2015 }